[docs] Move Column definition to Columns page (#1373)
mui-org/material-ui-x: docs/src/pages/components/data-grid/columns/columns.md

> Otherwise, you take the risk of losing the column width state (if resized).
> You can create the array outside of the render function or memoize it.

> ### Title & Description

Reviewer: Title & description doesn't seem to macth the content

```suggestion
### Column headers
```

Author: Well I renamed it as this section is just about the title and description of the column headers.

You can configure the headers with:

- `headerName`: The title of the column rendered in the column header cell.
- `description`: The description of the column rendered as tooltip if the column header name is not fully displayed.

> {{"demo": "pages/components/data-grid/columns/HeaderColumnsGrid.js", "bg": "inline", "defaultCodeOpen": false}}

Reviewer: It seems important for developers to have has many inline-previews as possible:

```suggestion
{{"demo": "pages/components/data-grid/columns/HeaderColumnsGrid.js", "bg": "inline"}}
```

What we have on HEAD, it's clear, it closes doors for confusion:

<img width="860" alt="Screenshot 2021-04-08 at 11 29 01" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3165635/114003226-dd78e400-985d-11eb-809d-19fb2c488d10.png">

x the other demos

### Width

The default columns width is 100 pixels.
- set the `width` property available in `GridColDef` to override that value.

{{"demo": "pages/components/data-grid/columns/ColumnWidthGrid.js", "bg": "inline",  "defaultCodeOpen": false}}

> #### Fluid width

Reviewer: h4 aren't in the TOC. Considering the section is important, the only solution I can think of to make it easier to find is:

```suggestion
### Fluid width
```

Column fluidity or responsiveness can be by achieved by setting the `flex` property in `GridColDef`.

- The `flex` property accepts a value between 0 and ∞.
- it works by dividing the remaining space in the grid among all flex columns in proportion to their `flex` value.

For example, consider a grid with a total width of 500px that has three columns: the first with `width: 200`; the second with `flex: 1`; and third with `flex: 0.5`.
The first column will be 200px wide, leaving 300px remaining. The column with `flex: 1` is twice the size of `flex: 0.5`, which means that final sizes will be: 200px, 200px, 100px.

**Note** 
- `flex` doesn't work together with `width`. If you set both `flex` and `width` in `GridColDef`, `flex` will override `width`.
- `flex` does not work if the combined width of the columns that have `width` is more than the width of the grid itself. If that is the case a scroll bar will be visible, and the columns that have `flex` will default back to their base value of 100px.

{{"demo": "pages/components/data-grid/columns/ColumnFluidWidthGrid.js", "bg": "inline"}}

### Hiding

> Set the column definiton attribute
> - `hide`: Hide the column.

Reviewer: I don't see why we should ever use ul > li for a single item

x the other cases

```suggestion
You can use the `hide` property in the column definitions to hide a column.
```

Author: I think it makes sense, as you get the info straight from the bullet point. 
No need to read the full sentence. 
I think it makes the docs clearer and avoid having too many useless words.

Reviewer: > No need to read the full sentence.

…

```tsx

> const hiddenColumn = {field: 'id', hide: true};

Reviewer: It's not following prettier format, but more importantly, I would advocate is confusing. I think that 

```suggestion
<DataGrid columns={[{ field: 'id', hide: true }]} />
```

would be a lot clearer.

```

> ### Resizing [<span class="pro"></span>](https://material-ui.com/store/items/material-ui-pro/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Resizing [<span class="pro"></span>](https://material-ui.com/store/items/material-ui-pro/)
```

{{"demo": "pages/components/data-grid/columns/HeaderColumnsGrid.js", "bg": "inline"}}

### Width

By default, the columns have a width of 100 pixels.
This is an arbitrary, easy to remember value.
To change the width of a column, use the `width` property available in `GridColDef`.

{{"demo": "pages/components/data-grid/columns/ColumnWidthGrid.js", "bg": "inline" }}

### Fluid width

Column fluidity or responsiveness can be by achieved by setting the `flex` property in `GridColDef`.

The `flex` property accepts a value between 0 and ∞.
It works by dividing the remaining space in the grid among all flex columns in proportion to their `flex` value.

For example, consider a grid with a total width of 500px that has three columns: the first with `width: 200`; the second with `flex: 1`; and third with `flex: 0.5`.
The first column will be 200px wide, leaving 300px remaining. The column with `flex: 1` is twice the size of `flex: 0.5`, which means that final sizes will be: 200px, 200px, 100px.

**Note**

- `flex` doesn't work together with `width`. If you set both `flex` and `width` in `GridColDef`, `flex` will override `width`.

> - `flex` does not work if the combined width of the columns that have `width` is more than the width of the grid itself. If that is the case a scroll bar will be visible, and the columns that have `flex` will default back to their base value of 100px.

Reviewer: inconsistent with the sentence just above

```suggestion
- `flex` doesn't work if the combined width of the columns that have `width` is more than the width of the grid itself. If that is the case a scroll bar will be visible, and the columns that have `flex` will default back to their base value of 100px.
```

{{"demo": "pages/components/data-grid/columns/ColumnSizingGrid.js", "disableAd": true, "bg": "inline"}}

### Value getter

Sometimes a column might not have a corresponding value, or you might want to render a combination of different fields.

> To achieve that, set the `valueGetter` attribute of `GridColDef` as in the example below

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To achieve that, set the `valueGetter` attribute of `GridColDef` as in the example below.
```

  {
    field: 'fullName',
    headerName: 'Full name',
    width: 160,
    valueGetter: getFullName,
    sortComparator: (v1, v2, cellParams1, cellParams2) =>
      getFullName(cellParams1).localeCompare(getFullName(cellParams2)),
  },
];
```

{{"demo": "pages/components/data-grid/columns/ValueGetterGrid.js", "bg": "inline"}}

The value generated is used for filtering, sorting, rendering, etc unless overridden by a more specific configuration.

### Value formatter

The value formatters allow you to format values for display as a string.
For instance, you can use it to format a JavaScript `Date` object.

```tsx
const columns: GridColDef[] = [
  {
    field: 'date',
    headerName: 'Year',
    valueFormatter: (params: ValueFormatterParams) =>
      (params.value as Date).getFullYear(),
  },
];
```

{{"demo": "pages/components/data-grid/columns/ValueFormatterGrid.js", "bg": "inline"}}

The value generated is used for filtering, sorting, rendering in the cell and outside, etc unless overridden by a more specific configuration.

### Render cell

By default, the grid render the value as a string in the cell.
It resolves the rendered output in the following order:

> 1. `renderCell() => ReactElement`

Author: this notation doesn't really make sense. Might as well put the proper type and tsx notation?

Reviewer: True, sounds like a good topic for a follow-up

2. `valueFormatter() => string`
3. `valueGetter() => string`
4. `row[field]`

The `renderCell` method of the column definitions is similar to `valueFormatter`.
However, it trades to be able to only render in a cell in exchange for allowing to return a React node (instead of a string).

```tsx
const columns: GridColDef[] = [
  {
    field: 'date',
    headerName: 'Year',
    renderCell: (params: GridCellParams) => (
      <strong>
        {(params.value as Date).getFullYear()}
        <Button
          variant="contained"
          color="primary"
          size="small"
          style={{ marginLeft: 16 }}
        >
          Open
        </Button>
      </strong>
    ),
  },
];
```

{{"demo": "pages/components/data-grid/columns/RenderCellGrid.js", "bg": "inline"}}

> #### Render Edit Cell

Reviewer: Header convention

```suggestion
#### Render edit cell
```

> As `renderCell` for the view mode, the grid render an input field in edit mode.
> To customize the edit component, set the `renderEditCell` function.
> 
> _Check the [editing page](/components/data-grid/editing) for more details about editing_

Reviewer: How about?

```suggestion
The `renderCell` render function allows customizing the rendered in "view mode" only.
For the "edit mode", set the `renderEditCell` function to customize the edit component.
Check the [editing page](/components/data-grid/editing) for more details about editing.
```
